applications: nrf_desktop: switch to new configuration scheme (#5997)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated documentation with information about forwarding boot reports.
    See the documenation page of nRF Desktop's :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_forward` for details.
  * Fixed an issue that was causing the HID keyboard LEDs to remain turned on after host disconnection while no other hosts were connected.
  * The application configuration files were switched to follow a generic scheme.
    When selecting the build file, instead of setting up a CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE, point to build type specific prj file using CONF_FILE.

>     E.g. CONF_FILE=prj_release.conf will now be used instead of CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=ZRelease.

Reviewer: The configuration steps in nRF Desktop's README.rst are not updated with this information.

Author: Can you elaborate? Should I add
`Documentation updated accordingly.` or `The board configuration steps in nrf_desktop documentation was updated`.
Or I should add something more to the README file?

Reviewer: I mean that we're describing how to select the build file in the changelog, but not in the actual documentation. We discussed this on call later that day though, so I understand you have a documentation task to add this information to nRF Desktop README.

>   * The application configuration files were switched to follow a generic scheme.
>     When selecting the build file, instead of setting up a CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE, point to build type specific prj file using CONF_FILE.
>     E.g. CONF_FILE=prj_release.conf will now be used instead of CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=ZRelease.

Reviewer: For both here and lines 96-98:
```suggestion
  * The application switched to using generic configuration file scheme.
    It now uses application-specific :file:`prj.conf` files instead of build types selected through CMake build type variables.
    When selecting the build file, point to build type specific :file:`prj.conf` file using the ``CONF_FILE`` variable.
    For example, ``CONF_FILE=prj_release.conf`` is now used instead of ``CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=ZRelease``.
```
